Insurance pools of closed / settled markets to go to on - chain treasury (#2065)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0013-ACCT-accounts.md

When a [market launches](./0043-MKTL-market_lifecycle.md), an insurance pool account is created for that market for each settlement asset. This account is used by the protocol during the collection of [margin requirements](./0010-MARG-margin_orchestration.md) and the collection of [mark to market settlement](./0003-MTMK-mark_to_market_settlement.md).

> When a market is finalised / closed remaining funds are redistributed into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset. This occurs using ledger entries to preserve double entry accounting records within the collateral engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a market is finalised / closed remaining funds are transferred into the global insurance pool using the same settlement asset. This occurs using ledger entries to preserve double entry accounting records within the collateral engine.
```

- When a market opens for trading, there is an insurance account that is able to be used by that market for every settlement asset of that market. (<a name="0013-ACCT-020" href="#0013-ACCT-020">0013-ACCT-020</a>)
- Only protocol-initiated aka internal transfer requests move money in or out of the insurance account. User initiated transfer requests cannot be used to move funds in or out of insurance pool. (<a name="0013-ACCT-021" href="#0013-ACCT-021">0013-ACCT-021</a>)

> - When all markets of a risk universe expire and/or are closed, the insurance pool account has its outstanding funds redistributed to the global insurance pool account for the appropriate asset (if it doesn't exist create it), other insurance pools using the same asset will not get the outstanding funds. (<a name="0013-ACCT-033" href="#0013-ACCT-033">0013-ACCT-033</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a market terminates and settles (the final settlement cashflow happens), the insurance pool account has its outstanding balance transferred to the global insurance pool account for the appropriate asset (if it doesn't exist create it), other insurance pools using the same asset will not get the outstanding funds. (<a name="0013-ACCT-033" href="#0013-ACCT-033">0013-ACCT-033</a>)
```
